1) FeedBackApp : ReactJS, Node, Express, MongoDB 
CommonJSModule support only in node js i.e. const express = require('express');(node side will use this)
other module system is ES2015 Module system where we import like import express from 'express'(React side will use this)
install heroku cli brew install heroku
heroku login command
heroku create
git remote add heroku <second arg got in heroku create command>
heroku open to open in browser first link returned in heroku create command
have config/keys file to store all keys
MongoDB Atlas Setup and Configuration
mLab, which is the service we use for our remote Mongo database, was acquired by MongoDB. They have now since closed off all new mLab registrations. Instead, our students will be redirected to MongoDB's Atlas product, which has a free tier similar to mLab, albeit more powerful.

--->Here are the steps to set up a MongoDB account and Atlas cluster to use with the Emaily project:

1.  Go to https://www.mongodb.com/atlas/database and click the Try Free button (or Sign In if you already have an account)
2.  Create your MongoDB user account and click the Get started free button.
3.  After creating your account, you will be prompted to accept the privacy policy and ToS. Click the Submit button to continue.
4. You should see a brief questionnaire. Select Learn MongoDB, Application Modernization, and JavaScript.
5. You will then be prompted to create a cluster. Select the far right Shared Free tier cluster option and click the Create button.
6. Leave all free tier options selected - AWS, North America: N. Virginia, etc. Click the Create Cluster button.
7. You will then be prompted with a security configuration screen. Enter a Username and click the Autogenerate Secure Password button. Copy this password to a safe place as you will need it a few steps from now.
8. Scroll down to the Where would you like to connect from section. Select My Local Environment. Then, enter 0.0.0.0/0 in the IP Address field. This will be very important to avoid connection errors especially if your IP address changes frequently, or, you develop from multiple locations (home, work, a coffee shop, etc). Click the Finish button.
9. You should next see a Congratulations popup modal. Click the Go to Databases button.
10. The cluster will take a few minutes or more to generate. Eventually, you should see a green circle to the left of the cluster name. Once you see the circle, click the Connect button.
11. Select Connect Your Application
12. Copy the full connection string and click the Close button. Head back over to your local Emaily application.
13. In your config/keys.js file create the mongoURI key-value pair if you haven't already done so.
Remember the comma if adding in-between other key-value pairs:

  googleClientID: 'redacted',
  googleClientSecret: 'redacted',
  mongoURI: '',
  cookieKey: 'redacted',
Add the connection string by pasting the entire address string you copied from the screen before.
mongoURI: 'COPY_THE_SRV_ADDRESS_STRING_HERE'
Remember to replace <password> with the Atlas user's actual password.
Next, you must add an arbitrary database name to the connection string. In the example below we have added the name emailydb after the slash and before the question mark:
"mongodb+srv://test:6fAA6FD5kGirCRaE@cluster0.53pjbra.mongodb.net/emailydb?retryWrites=true&w=majority",
14. Restart your local Node server if you have not already done so.
15. In a few lectures from now, you will be testing adding users to your database cluster. You can navigate to the databases that were created by finding the Browse Collections tab.

if your package.json is not at root it will give error . A Node.js app on Heroku requires a 'package.json' at the root of the directory structure.
run heroku create in server folder.  do either of below:
git remote add heroku https://git.heroku.com/glacial-tor-02508.git
error: remote heroku already exists.
jigishachhapia@Jigishas-MacBook-Pro server % git remote set-url heroku https://git.heroku.com/glacial-tor-02508.git
git push heroku master:server
git push heroku master